
Dear Nicholas,

This is a very interesting event and a very nice paper.

After reading through the paper it wasn't clear to me
what the actual cause of the cooling event was. That
is to say, what kind of event is the actual "trigger" that
causes the non-zero torque condition at the ISCO to change
to a zero-torque condition? Are there and any known causes?
Since the model seems to directly depend on this, it would
be nice if something could be mentioned about the event's
possible origin.

One other thing that struct me was the statement that:
"However as the change in the UV for J2317+0005 was rapid
(indicating that the cooling event was brief) this is
consistent with our model.".

Is there more you could add to this? It wasn't obvious
how this was consistent with your model. I think you
are saying that events lasting weeks could also be caused
by this, but only the longer events show the IR changes.
Hence, even a very short event like J2317+0005 is consistent
with the model?

Also, it wasn't clear how you knew the IR brightness of J2317+0005
"never declined". I may have simply missed where this constraint
was mentioned. Was WISE data taken that long ago (or within months
to years considering reprocessing time). Perhaps there was other
IR monitoring taken near the time of the event in J2317+0005?

One last thing. As regards:
"However, even with the coverage from WISE, PanSTARRS, SDSS,
DECaLS and CRTS, we have a relatively sparse dataset which
cannot tightly constrain our theoretical model. In the
immediate future, the Zwicky Transient Facility [56] and
in the very near future the Large Synoptic Survey
Telescope [57, 58] will open a new data space with high
cadence, multi-band photometric monitoring."

In this respect I thought I should mention that the planned
and extensively modelled LSST cadences will not be significantly
higher than those of currently running surveys. In fact,
the LSST candences will be lower than CRTS-II, ZTF, ATLAS,
and ASAS-SN (and probably PS1+PS2). Although among these I
think only ZTF is multi-band. If you were considering the
few planned higher cadence LSST fields, these appear to be
very limited in area. Much like the existing PS1 MDS fields
were.

All I'm trying to say is that, although LSST may be great
in many ways, it will be as sparse (or worse) than many
surveys that are currently running.

cheers,
      Andrew